Notifications API actions/maxActions and friends (#44184)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/serviceworkerregistration/shownotification/index.md

      - : An array of actions to display in the notification, for which the default is an empty array.
        Each element in the array can be an object with the following members:
        - `action`
          - : A string that uniquely identifies this particular action within the array of actions.

>             When an action button without a `navigate` URL is clicked, you can determine which button was selected by checking `event.action` inside your {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.notificationclick_event", "notificationclick")}} event listener

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            When an action button without a `navigate` URL is clicked, you can determine which button was selected by checking `event.action` inside your {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.notificationclick_event", "notificationclick")}} event listener.
```

## Examples

> ### Basic usage

Author: FYI updated/added two new examples. This one is the original using await async and showing how `tag` is used. The second shows actions.

This example shows a function running in a service worker that displays a notification after first requesting, and being granted, permission.
Code to actually call the function is not shown.

```js
navigator.serviceWorker.register("sw.js");

function showNotification() {
  Notification.requestPermission().then((result) => {
    if (result === "granted") {
      navigator.serviceWorker.ready.then((registration) => {
        registration.showNotification("Vibration Sample", {
          body: "Buzz! Buzz!",
          icon: "../images/touch/chrome-touch-icon-192x192.png",
          vibrate: [200, 100, 200, 100, 200, 100, 200],
          tag: "vibration-sample",
        });
      });
    }
  });
async function showNotification() {
  const result = await Notification.requestPermission();

  if (result === "granted") {
    const registration = await navigator.serviceWorker.ready;

    registration.showNotification("Vibration Sample", {
      body: "Buzz! Buzz!",
      icon: "../images/touch/chrome-touch-icon-192x192.png",
      vibrate: [200, 100, 200, 100, 200, 100, 200],
      tag: "vibration-sample",
    });
  }
}
```

> To invoke the above function at an appropriate time, you could listen to the

Author: This was just wrong.

      // Code to handle the particular event.
      ();
  }
});
```

You can also retrieve details of the {{domxref("Notification")}}s that have been fired from the current service worker using {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.getNotifications()")}}.

### Notifications with actions and action handlers

> This example shows how you might display a persistent notification, such as might be triggered by a push message when an email is received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how you might display a persistent notification, which might be triggered by a push message when an email is received, for example.
```

> The code to display the notification includes two `actions` that will be displayed on the notification: one to reply to the message, and the other to dismiss the notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code to generate the notification includes two `actions` that will be displayed on the notification: one to reply to the message, and the other to dismiss the notification.
```

so that you've not got "display ... displayed"
